[TV playing]
[Katie sobbing softly]
You okay?
It's just so sad.
Rudolph?
They're just all
making fun of his nose.
Like. so what if he's different?
And Santa saying
he can't be part of the team?
Like he's so perfect?
Santa's a fat fuck.
Hey. Come here.
[Walt] Hey. how'd your
Thanksgiving go?
- Uh. good.
- Good?
You write stories
for a living. Greg.
- Do better.
- Good to see you. Walt.
Uh. it was fine.
Katie and I were here.
The only bummer was that she
was a little bothered
by something.
She really wouldn't
tell me what it was.
And she was kind of sad.
Oh. I love the whipped cream
on the bottom.
How many of those
do you have a week?
It is not your problem.
it is my problem.
and I never want to fix it.
Hey. just a... a quick
heads up there. Greg.
Cristle's back if you wanna
say hi or something.
How's she doing?
You know what. I'll. uh.
I'll talk to her later.
- Thanks. Walt.
- Yeah.
- Are you avoiding me?
- Oh!
Hi. No. I was actually
just coming to see you.
Oh. no. we don't have
to do any of that. Greg.
In fact. I've made a list
of ground rules
so we can navigate
our last eight days as coworkers.
Okay.
No tight khakis in the office
or crotch-defining
casual slacks.
Alright. I think that applies
more to me than to you.
- I'll be doing it. too.
- Okay. Alright.
No acts of chivalry
to make me swoon.
I'm still going
to be nice to you.
'Kay.
No smiling or showing
any tongue around the office.
- This one's important to me.
- Sure. No smiling.
I don't know if I've ever
shown tongue around the office.
Well. anytime you open your mouth.
you're showing your tongue.
Okay. I will. um...
Yeah. you got it.
I'm gonna leave now. so please
don't undress me with your eyes.
I will do my best.
- You're doing it.
- I kind of am.
♪ Oh. I. oh. I ♪
♪ I played the fool ♪
♪ I laugh at me.
I'm trying. trying ♪
♪ Falling sometimes.
sometimes flying ♪
♪ Cry me an ocean
of one-liners ♪
♪ Cruel. cruel. cruel ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
As I'm sure you all remember.
the name of this class
is "The Art of
the Page-Turner."
So. a lot of the notes
that you're getting on these
has to do
with that first chapter.
engaging the audience.
I wrote a book called
Swamp Blossom.
In it. Rooster receives a letter
from an old flame
and it says. "Letting you go
"was the biggest mistake
that I ever made.
"But if you're reading this
right now.
I'm probably dead."
Thoughts?
Dude. who writes a letter?
Yeah. and why didn't she finish it
and explain it more?
Maybe she was in danger.
But she still had time
to buy a stamp and mail it?
- Uh...
- [Maya] Oh. no.
A lot of old people
already have stamps.
I... What's wrong with stamps?
It makes sense if you read it.
It's actually an awesome book.
Tommy. I can't tell you
how great it is
to have you in this class
participating again.
- [chuckles]
- Mm. you never say anything
- when I participate.
- I know.
Here you go.
A-minus.
That's it for today.
Get to work on those revisions.
That is for you.
Check it.
Adderall and Celsius.
- Works every time.
- Every time.
- See ya. Grg.
- See ya.
Are we good?
I have this psych major
helping me visualize you
- without any sex organs.
- [chuckles]
Just a blank. hairless front.
Okay. I would like to help you
get back on track
with your other classes.
Yeah. I mean. I need it.
My office?
3 p.m. sharp?
- Right on.
That's for you.
You got some work to do.
[♪ gentle music playing]
I absolutely love this vest.
Thank you.
The neoprene raises your core
body temperature by 12%.
Plus. it makes
your guns look good.
I'd wear it to dinner.
Any updates
on all things Biotecha?
You any closer to a decision?
[Sunny] Moving to New York
is complicated.
And Archie's shown
that he's a little more
invested in the baby.
He even put together a list
of pretentious British names.
Though I personally would not have a son
or daughter named Robin.
- Who would?
- But if he's not gonna be super involved.
I should just take the job
and move. right?
Do you mind if I quote
Theodore Roosevelt?
I'd prefer it if you do not.
Fine.
Look it. your life's gonna be
full of tests. Sunny.
You gotta just keep
your eyes open
and see what the world tells you.
You'll figure it out.
Thank you.
"Believe you can
and you're halfway there."
Snuck a little TR there
in the end. didn't you?
Couldn't help myself.
So. um. why are we all
wearing the same bucket hat?
Like. it could be our thing.
We'd be the...
The Bucket Boys.
- Fuck that.
- That was a nice try. Pig Tits.
- You're always gonna be Pig Tits.
- [softly] Ah. fuck.
- [Greg] Hey. guys.
- Grg!
- Rooster!
- [all] Hey!
Uh. did you see Tommy anywhere?
We were supposed to meet
in my office.
and he never showed.
- [all] Nah.
- He wasn't in Econ. either.
Maybe he's off sad somewhere
because this guy
didn't ask him
to be a Bucket Boy.
- [laughter]
- Fuck you guys.
Gimme some of that. Bucket Boy!
You don't even know
what a Bucket Boy is. do you?
No. I don't.
Gentlemen.
Piggy Titty.
Walt. got your text.
No. I will not create
a task force to find out
who stole the school's mascot.
Nice try.
Don't call back.
He's gonna call back.
- Sorry.
- No. it's alright.
Like seeing you
in this boss mode.
- [phone buzzing]
- Thanks. Uh. ignore.
I wanted to talk to you
about your poem Cherry Pop.
You... You get that
I'm the cherry popper
and that Eli is
the cherry. right?
Okay. not everyone
needs to know I was a virgin.
You're my muse. King.
But you gotta wait outside.
I love this poem.
It's the first time
you've written something
that feels personal.
- Shit. thank you.
- I think that this is a piece
that could get into The Review.
So. I just made a few marks
to show you where you could push
even further with yourself.
Be more vulnerable.
What do you say?
I'm gonna go microdose
my balls off and give it a shot.
Don't need to know
how you get there.
I'm just excited
to have a student
- with some promise.
- Mm-hmm.
- Eva is so talented.
- She is.
Don't you encourage her
too much. She's mine.
The world has plenty
of fiction writers.
- Yeah.
- I mean. what the hell is this?
[Greg] [groaning] They're only doing that
'cause I'm in town.
Do you know what they do
when poets come to town?
Everybody goes crazy?
- [snickering]
- You are not funny.
[laughing] Your face.
You are so mad.
- Hey. Greg?
- Oh. hey.
Entering but leaving
the door open
for both of our safety.
I know that must have
looked strange.
but I wasn't checking out
my belly button.
- It...
- [Cristle] It's okay.
Because it's good for me
to see how deeply
troubled you are.
- I am. thank you.
- But I need your help.
What's going on?
Tommy says he's
dropping out of school.
- Oh. no. No. no. no. no. no.
- I'm so mad.
This is such
a huge opportunity for him.
I'm not going
to let that happen.
- Okay. - May I have your permission
to get involved?
Yeah. feel free to hit him
if you need to.
No. I'm not gonna hit him.
I love him.
but sometimes I hate him.
Sure.
Did you know
he was a 14-pound baby?
No. I would have
never guessed.
- Thank you. [chuckles softly]
- Okay.
- Cristle...
- [gasps]
I got this. [tapping]
[scoffs lightly]
Don't do this.
What?
Don't make me
fall for you again.
Oh. I'm not trying to do that.
I just wanna help your son.
I just... Just wanna
help your son.
[chuckles softly]
- Thank you. Greg.
- You're welcome.
Right! Yugoslavia split
from the Soviets.
Coming up in this episode.
we got some forged letters.
Even got a cameo
from the Greeks.
My God.
I love those swarthy bastards.
[students laughing]
Uh. actually.
don't write that down.
Yeah. I'm just gonna take that.
Great. okay.
Right. let's get it popping.
What caused
this lover's quarrel?
Yes. Liv?
Um. Tito resisted
Stalin's attempts
to control
Yugoslavia's policies?
Brilliant. as always.
Thank you.
[whispering]
God. we're so back.
Calm down.
don't take your top off.
- At least he knows my name.
- He knows my name.
[Archie] ...had even seen
a growing resistance
across the rest of the USSR.
- Uh. yes. Liv?
- Yeah. Heather here
was just saying that
economic pressure from the West
also contributed to the split.
Great job. Heather.
Thank you.
[chuckles] Fucking cunt.
[Archie] Ah. ladies.
Mi casa es your casa.
Yay!
Wow. you're a little more
pleased with yourself than usual.
That's actually
pretty hard to do.
I've gotta say. lately I feel
like I have been teaching
at a virtuosic level.
Uh. "Good Moms
Have Scary Thoughts."
- What's that?
- Oh. this is. uh.
this is just one
of my parenting books.
- Oh.
- Did you know that 90% of new mothers
- have intrusive thoughts?
- I have heard that.
- Yeah. like. what if my baby gets ill?
- Mm.
- What if I drop my baby?
- Could happen.
What if my baby thinks
my hair is prettier than hers
and shaves my head
in the middle of the night?
- Very possible.
- [Archie] Gosh.
That's a lot of hormones
running through your body there. darling.
[chuckles] I... I don't think
you're clocking
what's going on. emotionally.
[Sunny] She's correct.
But I got you
the Montessori book
if you want to read up
with me. though.
Bug. Ah.
See. p-parenting is just
this kind of instinctual thing.
You know? You...
You really don't have to worry
about me being a father.
My entire day is just spent
molding young minds.
[Mo] It's actually funny
you say that.
I was just perusing your
Rate My Professor reviews online
for no reason at all.
This one tickled me.
"Professor Bates is arrogant
and completely self-involved."
Well. I don't really take
arrogant as a negative. so...
- Ah.
- "Professor Bates is terrible with criticism.
- petulant. and defensive."
- Well. that's bollocks.
[chuckles] I'm not defensive
in the slightest.
Who'd take time to write lie...
No. okay. I can hear myself now.
Okay. well. good.
I'm happy to have the feedback.
Here's a fun one.
"Professor Bates
is Ludlow's biggest asshole."
That's not really
on there. is it?
No. I just wanted to say it.
[Greg] Tommy. just sit down
for a second.
[Tommy]
Leave me alone. I gotta work.
- Hey. what's up. Grg?
- What's good. Rooster?
Hey. Sit down. please.
What are you doing. man?
You can't just
drop out of college.
- Wait. what?
- Whoa. don't do that. man.
- We need you. bro.
- Hey. why not?
Look. I only went to college
'cause my mom made me.
and it's not like
I'm killing it.
- Totally.
- [Greg] Come on.
Is that all college is about?
I think so.
Yeah. my pop says
grades are everything.
Dude. my dad just married
a chick two years older than me.
She's hot.
It's confusing.
- But you'd still hit. right?
- They do it in porn.
Guys. this is all
very important stuff.
but I'm going to continue
our discussion over here.
Congrats to your dad.
by the way.
- Thank you. Grg.
- Come on. join me.
Rooster. you never went
to college. man.
No. I didn't.
and I regret it.
When I was a kid...
I was really unhappy.
I was kind of a loner.
Still kind of am.
I see you walking around campus.
and you are
surrounded by people.
I wish I had that
when I was your age.
These guys behind you
are such complete idiots.
but they're your idiots.
[chuckles]
Don't leave 'em behind.
Well. I live here.
I'll still see 'em.
We'll still hang out.
right. guys?
- Yeah. of course.
- Brothers for life. man.
- We love you.
- You know that. man.
- Stop helping.
- Don't worry.
I'm not gonna be a waiter
for the rest of my life.
There's tons of shit I can do.
[door bells jingling]
I've actually always
really wanted to be a cop.
- They are badass.
- [Donnie] Excuse me.
If I could just have
everyone's attention real quick.
Just retracing my steps.
I was here yesterday.
Has anybody seen my gun?
Look under your tables.
look under your chairs.
- How's the rewrite coming?
- Oh. uh...
It's not.
- You need some more time?
- No.
It's just. I dove
into the vulnerable thing.
Um. I hated it.
- [scoffs]
- I-It just made me feel exposed.
But. like. not the way
that I like
- to be exposed. you know?
- Uh-huh. uh-huh.
It's scary to put yourself
in your work.
but that's what an artist does.
See. that's the thing.
I'm not. like. an artist.
I'm a business major.
I had to promise my dad
I'd either be a finance bro
or a crypto douche.
This poetry stuff is fun.
but it's an oasis.
Yeah. this isn't
gonna be my life.
[♪ pensive music playing]
And now. Tommy is going
on a ride-along
to see if he wants
to be a police officer.
How insane is that?
Sorry. is this the kid who
sometimes lives at your house
who you secretly wish
was your son?
Honey. come on.
it's not a secret.
Are you okay?
You seem like you're
in a bit of a funk these days.
Don't you have to coach?
I feel like
this whole thing started
the morning after Walt's party.
when I saw you with
the two coffees.
In my business. that's what we call
a "clue trail."
So. I... I think I know
what's going on.
- You do?
- Mm.
You're seeing somebody else.
And you feel guilty about it
because of Archie?
Wow. Nailed it.
Well. I am a professional
banter-driven action-mystery writer. so...
True.
Who's the guy? Is he here?
- Y... Uh. yeah.
- Oh. Really?
- Yeah.
- Where?
Um...
Right there.
He's Hunter.
the guy from the bar.
- [Greg] Oh. Oh!
- [Katie] Yeah.
I like him.
He doesn't skimp on the nuts.
That's what hooked me.
[chuckles]
Why don't you go sit with him?
I... No. I'm gonna sit away.
Honey. don't worry
about Archie's feelings.
- Yeah.
- Take care of yourself.
- Okay.
- Ask him if he...
No. I was gonna say
ask him if he has any nuts.
I'm not gonna do that.
I will sit with him
- to stop this conversation. though.
- Okay.
- Love you.
[Donnie]
Here we go! Come on!
Come on! Skate faster!
You know they're just
warming up. right?
Yeah. I know. Me too.
Uh... kill him!
- Hi. [chuckles]
- Hey.
[Donnie]
Rip him up! Rip him up!
Get him down!
Guys. get it together!
Um. I'm gonna... I'm gonna put my head
on your shoulder now.
But I... I'm here on a date.
She'll be fine.
[Hunter sighs]
- [♪ fanfare playing]
- [cheering and applause]
[Walt] Ah. outstanding.
Mascot's back.
[♪ fanfare continues playing]
[cheering and applause continue]
- [grunting]
- [crowd gasps]
Oh.
That's not our guy.
Somebody. stop him! Hey!
Right. yes. I am the police.
Here. hold my beer.
I'm coming back for that.
I am the police!
- [crowd booing]
- [Donnie] I got it! Hey!
Ah.
- [chuckles] Hello. you.
- Hey.
- Morning.
- Uh. been a minute.
Yeah. Uh...
- How was Thanksgiving in Wisconsin?
- Interesting.
Yeah. Sunny's family
are really into this. um.
e-electronic game called Simon.
Uh. it's sort of...
It has these flashing lights...
I know what Simon is.
Everybody knows.
Okay. Well. I-I did not.
Um. so much so that
they all sort of took turns
- screaming at me.
- [stifled chuckle]
Oh. good.
I'm glad that that amuses you.
Oh. I wanted to thank you for
getting me hooked on croissants.
- Ah. yes. Yeah.
- Like a heroin dealer.
Well. you know what they say.
First one's always free.
- I know. right?
- Yeah. [chuckles]
And then you stopped
bringing them.
- Katie. actually...
- You can't promise someone 1.000 days
to make a decision.
and then only give them two.
Right? It's not fair.
And now. I'm getting sad
in front of you.
and I just wanted to come
and get my three croissants.
Yeah. I want three now.
'cause I'm an animal.
- Don't cry. darl...
- Don't call me darling.
And don't tell me not to cry.
I can fucking cry if I want to.
And I don't currently want to.
but I'm just having
a little trouble stopping.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
[scoffs]
I hope you're better to Sunny.
[muffled. on radio]
♪ Can you take me higher ♪
[knocking]
♪ To a place... ♪
Hey. guys. What you doing?
- Cop stuff. [chuckles]
- He's introducing me
to this band called Creed.
♪ Can you take me higher ♪
Can we chat outside for a sec?
♪ To a place
with golden streets ♪
So. how's it been going. guys?
You been writing
a lot of tickets?
We really haven't.
I mean. cars still stopped
at that red light back there
even after we turned it off.
That's too bad.
Wait. what?
I just wish I could show
this kid a little bit of action.
but only outstanding
felony in town
is that stolen mascot costume.
[Tommy]
Hey. man. I'm having a blast.
He showed me how to use
the radar gun.
- That's right.
- I can run eight miles an hour.
- Yeah.
- Should have done track.
- [Donnie] Oh. yeah.
- I don't think that's fast.
Also. I know it's a cliché.
but they actually
give you free donuts.
- Ah.
- Think they'll give me some more?
- Only one way to find out. sport.
- Yeah?
[laughing] Tommy!
Officer Tommy
whatever his last name is.
Yeah. his mom really
wants him to finish college.
Okay. My mom
really wants me
to come visit her
and her girlfriend.
but no thank you.
Greg. if the kid
has the calling.
who are you and I
to stand in the way of that?
The kid... He's...
This is not the priesthood.
Look. you need to back off.
You need to just let him finish.
You need to visit your mom.
Just to be clear.
I'm not not visiting
- because she has a girlfriend.
- I...
It's because
her girlfriend is Sharon...
- Oh.
- ...who happens to be the absolute worst.
Tommy is a grown man
who can make decisions
for himself. as can I...
Sharon.
You're forcing me to do this.
No.
You're gonna use your
"Get Out of Jail Free" card now. seriously?
That is how important
this is to me.
that I am giving you
that meaningless thing.
- Dozen glazed!
- Oh. great.
Nice! What's in the bag?
- Oh. it's your gun.
- Oh.
Yeah. they said you left it
in there last time.
Yes. I did.
and. yes. that's mine.
So. Officer Donnie
was telling me
that there are some downsides
to being a cop.
Yeah. yeah. s...
I was. actually.
Um. Tommy. it sucks.
Being a cop...
[banging car hood]
...sucks.
Wait. but you just told me
that it was awesome.
And I lied to you. Tommy.
because I lie to kids.
That's what cops do.
Let's get outta here.
- You can drive.
- Mm-mm. mm!
- [Tommy chuckles]
- Yes. no. no! Tommy.
- No! Give me that.
- What?
I'm driving. you take this.
Keep the donuts.
No. I got the gun!
I got the gun. God.
- [knocking]
- [♪ muffled rap music playing]
[♪ music blasting]
[blowing]
Uh. Eva. can we go
somewhere and talk?
- Yeah. Yeah. sure.
- No.
Put some pants on first.
Oh. Ha!
Yeah. sorry.
♪ All beef gets smoked ♪
[exhales sharply] Oof!
[Tommy] I still don't see
a downside of being a cop.
[with mouth full]
I mean. short training.
Good benefits.
Free car.
Yeah. at first. it is...
It's quite a rush.
The power.
You realize you can
pull over Vince Martinelli...
guy who was a dick to you in high school.
whenever you want.
Then. you find yourself
pulling him over
two. three times a week...
just so you can feel something.
Your captain's yelling at you.
He's up your ass.
He's telling you
he's gonna lawyer up.
and he's probably right.
You think the guys
at the station.
you think they got your back.
but they don't.
They are all planning
a trip to Foxwoods.
- Without you.
- [softly] No.
[sighs deeply]
And everybody went.
They even fucking took Sharon.
How the fuck
do they even know her?
I think what Donnie
is trying to say
is that you have to give
this whole thing some thought.
[Donnie] Yeah.
At the end of the day.
it's just a job.
- Yes. Exactly.
- It's not that exciting.
Wait. Turn on the light.
[spotlight clicks]
Shh.
[softly] Nobody spook it.
[♪ "Blitzkrieg Bop"
by Ramones playing]
[overlapping shouting]
Police!
You're going!
He's going! Get!
- Run!
- [Greg shouting with mouth full]
Where are the keys?!
- ♪ Forming in a straight line ♪
- [Tommy] Hey! Police!
♪ They're going
through a tight wind ♪
♪ The kids are losing
their minds ♪
- [Greg panting]
- ♪ Blitzkrieg Bop ♪
- ♪ They're piling in the back seat ♪
- [Tommy] Freeze!
- Stop!
- ♪ They're generating steam heat ♪
- Quit running!
- ♪ Pulsating to the backbeat ♪
Mother...
- ♪ Blitzkrieg Bop ♪
- Tommy!
- Thank you.
You know. it really bothered me
when you said
you weren't gonna be an artist.
- Oh. My bad. Diva.
- You know why?
You already are an artist.
And don't get me wrong.
I'm not gonna call
your dad and say.
"She shouldn't work
for Goldman Sachs.
She should just be
a street poet."
Yeah. yeah.
he wouldn't dig that.
- [both chuckle]
- [Tommy] Hey!
Stop in the name of the law!
Okay. look. you said
poetry makes you happy.
That's enough. 'cause I know
that if I'm struggling.
I can always lean on my art.
Anyways. I wanted you
to see the mock-up.
[Greg] Tommy!
[Dylan] Turn to page 20.
I won't put it in there for real
if you don't want me to.
Oh. no. I. uh...
I... I want you to.
"Diva." [chuckles]
I like it.
Can you call me that
all the time?
Oh. forever. Diva.
Here comes the hammer.
Hey!
♪ Hey. ho. let's go! ♪
- [♪ music stops]
- [grunting]
Taste it.
Huh? Huh? Yeah!
Eight miles an hour. bitch.
[panting]
- Pig Tits?
- [Greg] Oh. God.
What the hell?
What are you doing?
[panting]
How can you run so fast
with that giant head?
- Me or him?
- [Greg groaning]
I can't be Pig Tits anymore.
I thought this would
change things for me.
Dude. people are just gonna say.
"Pig Tits stole
the mascot costume."
Oh. fuck.
Look. I'll stop calling you
Pig Tits. okay?
- Rooster?
- Yeah. I'll try.
- [siren wailing]
- Oh. man. I'm so fucked.
I got you.
Get outta here.
- [JD] Okay.
- Run!
[siren wailing]
[Greg] Hey!
Hey. Found my keys.
They were in the ignition.
Car was on the whole time.
Yeah. I got the head.
Oh. he went that way.
- [Greg] Yeah!
- Are you sure?
That's where he is.
I hate backing up.
- [siren whooping]
- [Donnie] I'm good back there?
- You're good. go. go!
- [Donnie] Can you see?
Yep. go! [panting]
Oh. You're actually reading it.
[Archie] Course. I am.
I knew you wanted me to.
Look. Bug.
Boy. girl. whatever comes.
they will not defeat us.
We can do this shit.
I got a job offer at Biotecha.
What?
- Yeah. Salary's good.
- That's amazing.
And they. uh. they want me
to start in New York in January.
But that's not where I am.
I'm not taking it.
- Think you're done reading.
- Why? I was learning about...
Oh. now I see why.
This is a lot more fun.
[Mo] Huge mistake!
Take the job!
You know. I think
I'd be a shitty cop.
I'd let everyone go.
You're just being
a good friend to Pig...
JD. Wow.
That is going to be
a hard habit to break.
We don't have to stop
calling him Pig Tits.
Yeah. just not to his face.
Okay. I take back
the good friend part.
[Tommy chuckles]
I don't wanna sound
like a broken record
- about all this college stuff.
- It's not for me.
- How...
- Look. okay?
I can struggle through.
you know.
skate by with some D's.
What's the point?
- The...
- Writing is the only thing that I like.
and I even suck at that. so...
What are you talking about?
My chapter.
- The red marks everywhere.
- Oh.
- It looked like my face before Accutane.
- Oh. [scoffs]
And Spooner's was spotless.
- Oh.
- Okay? Just a big check-plus.
Yeah. well. Spooner's paper...
Don't tell him I told you this.
but he...
Spooner's not gonna be a writer.
Oh. I know. [chuckles]
He's gonna run
his dad's oil company.
Probably hook up
with his stepmom.
Tommy. the reason
yours was marked up
was because I think
that you have potential.
No. you're just bullshitting
'cause you don't want me to drop out.
"Bernice stared down at him
on the ground...
"his blood
peeking past his shadow.
"And she laughed.
One perfect 'Ha.'"
That's my story.
Yeah. I know.
I have a knack
for remembering
really good sentences.
I wish I'd written that.
Really?
Yeah.
So. I'm good?
Uh. not yet.
But with a little work.
I think you could be
pretty good. yeah.
- [vehicle approaching]
- [chuckles]
[car horn honking]
[Greg] Good night.
I wish I hadn't seen your dick.
Me too. Tommy.
Me too.
[car door opens. closes]
[mouthing]
Thank you.
[♪ soft. uplifting
music playing]
[Greg sighs]
[students chattering]
Hey.
You okay?
No. I'm all out of jam.
I thought you dropped out.
Ah. I changed my mind.
Good choice.
[Tommy] You know.
if something's bothering you.
your dad is the greatest.
Cool. Still not your dad.
Yeah. no. I know.
[chuckles]
I wish he was.
[clicking tongue]
My dad does not give a shit.
You're so lucky.
You can... You can go now.
- Yeah. cool. [knocking]
- Yeah.
[sighs]
[knocking]
- Hey. sweetie.
- Hi.
- Hey!
- [chuckles]
I'm glad you're here.
I got something for you.
- [chuckles]
- [gasps]
- Really?
- Yeah.
Oh. my God.
Dad!
- Got you a little helmet.
- Uh...
- Please wear the helmet.
- Of course.
- This is so cool.
- [chuckles]
What's up?
Um...
[♪ "2000 Miles"
by The Pretenders playing]
I have to tell you something.
[whispering] Okay.
So...
Um...
♪ He's gone ♪
♪ 2.000 miles ♪
♪ It's very far ♪
♪ The snow is falling down ♪
♪ Gets colder day by day ♪
♪ I miss you ♪
♪ The children will sing ♪
♪ He'll be back
at Christmastime ♪
♪ And these frozen
and silent nights ♪
♪ Sometimes in a dream ♪
♪ You appear ♪
♪ Outside
under the purple sky ♪
♪ Diamonds in the snow ♪
♪ Sparkle ♪
[laughter]
[child] Bye-bye.
[blows raspberries]